
Hi Folks.
This is Ash here, and I administer this web page and also write the transcripts.
Now, I know some of you are disappointed when you come to look for the latest episodes and find I haven’t got them up yet, so I thought I would write a little explanation.
See, this isn’t my full time job (no, duh!) It’s a hobby, or labour of love, call it what you will. Either way, while I do get donations, and I’m very grateful for them, I get maybe one or two a month and they are usually about enough to buy myself a beer or two, not to put a roof over my head and dinner on the table. In fact, that’s how I look at the donation thing, that it’s people saying, hey, that guy puts a lot of work into this and I get enjoyment out of it, I’d like to buy him a beer.
Anyway, for a living, I am actually a performer. (Actor, comedian, writer). This means that, as with any professional performer, the Christmas period, starting around the beginning of December, is one of my busiest times of the year. Also, I need a new show each year, and it has to be ready for the Summer season, so I start working on writing it usually around February time and that is my priority for the next three or four months. And then the Summer season itself is again very busy.
So you see that really, September through November and a little period around the end of January, beginning of February, are my quiet down times and the time I get the most done in terms of this site. I try, the rest of the time, to stay as up to date as possible, and try never to be more than four or five episodes behind the telly, but sometimes it’s just not possible and I fall further behind than that.
I’m glad people like the site, and it seems like they do. I get around two to two and a half thousand hits a day currently, which is not huge in the grander scheme of things, but a lot more than I expected when I started the site. I hope you all keep coming back, and I will try my best to keep it as up to date as possible. But when I don’t, try not to give me a hard time, okay?
 


 
Share this:FacebookXLike Loading... 
